DeliverySpec.RetryAfter Experimental-Feature (#4361)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/experimental-features.md

HTTP [Retry-After](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7231#section-7.1.3)
headers are handled when calculating backoff times for retrying **429** and
**503** responses. You can specify a `delivery` spec for Channels,
Subscriptions, Brokers, Triggers, and any other resource spec that accepts the
`delivery` field.

The `retryAfterMax` field will only take effect if the `delivery` spec is
configured to perform retries, and will only pertain to retry attempts on
**429** and **503** response codes. The field provides an override to prevent
large **Retry-After** durations from impacting throughput, and must be specified
using the [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Times) format. The
largest of the normal backoff duration and the Retry-After header value will be
used for the subsequent retry attempt. Specifying a "zero" value of "PT0S" will
effectively disable **Retry-After** support.

Prior to this experimental feature, Knative Eventing implementations have not
supported **Retry-After** headers, and this is an attempt to provide a path
for standardizing that support.  To begin the feature will be **opt-in**, but
the final state will be **opt-out** as follows...

> <table>

Reviewer: Can this table be in markdown?
Ref: https://github.github.com/gfm/#tables-extension-

Author: definitely - have reworked it - thanks for reviewing!

    At the moment this feature is implemented only for
    `Subscription.Spec.Subscriber.Ref` and `Subscription.Spec.Channel`.

### DeliverySpec.RetryAfterMax field

**Flag name**: `delivery-retryafter`

**Stage**: Alpha, disabled by default

**Tracking issue**: [#5811](https://github.com/knative/eventing/issues/5811)

**Persona**: Developer

When using the `delivery` spec to configure event delivery parameters, you can
use the `retryAfterMax` field to specify how
HTTP [Retry-After](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7231#section-7.1.3)
headers are handled when calculating backoff times for retrying **429** and
**503** responses. You can specify a `delivery` spec for Channels,
Subscriptions, Brokers, Triggers, and any other resource spec that accepts the
`delivery` field.

The `retryAfterMax` field will only take effect if the `delivery` spec is

> configured to perform retries, and will only pertain to retry attempts on

Author: 👍 Will change!

**429** and **503** response codes. The field provides an override to prevent
large **Retry-After** durations from impacting throughput, and must be specified
using the [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Times) format. The
largest of the normal backoff duration and the Retry-After header value will be

> used for the subsequent retry attempt. Specifying a "zero" value of "PT0S" will
> effectively disable **Retry-After** support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
used for the subsequent retry attempt. Specifying a "zero" value of `PT0S`
effectively disables **Retry-After** support.
```

Author: 👍 Will change!

Prior to this experimental feature, Knative Eventing implementations have not
supported **Retry-After** headers, and this is an attempt to provide a path

> for standardizing that support.  To begin the feature will be **opt-in**, but
> the final state will be **opt-out** as follows...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for standardizing that support.  To begin, the feature is **opt-in**, but
the final state will be **opt-out** as follows:
```

Author: 👍 Will change!

| Feature Stage | Feature Flag | retryAfterMax Field Absent | retryAfterMax Field Present |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Alpha / Beta | Disabled | Accepted by Webhook Validation & Retry-After headers NOT enforced | Rejected by WebHook Validation |
| Alpha / Beta | Enabled | Accepted  by Webhook Validation & Retry-After headers NOT enforced | Accepted by Webhook Validation & Retry-After headers enforced if max override > 0 |
| Stable / GA | n/a | Retry-After headers enforced without max override | Retry-After headers enforced if max override > 0 |

> The following example shows a Subscription that retries sending an event 3

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example shows a Subscription that retries sending an event three
```

Author: 👍 Will change!

> times, and respects **Retry-After** headers while imposing a max backoff of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
times, and respects **Retry-After** headers while imposing a maximum backoff of
```

Author: 👍 Will change!

120 seconds:

```yaml
apiVersion: messaging.knative.dev/v1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: example-subscription
  namespace: example-namespace
spec:
  subscriber:
    ref:
      apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1
      kind: Service
      name: example-sink
  delivery:
    backoffDelay: PT2S
    backoffPolicy: linear
    retry: 3
    retryAfterMax: PT120S
```

!!! note

>     While the experimental feature flag will enforce all DeliverySpec usage of
>     the `retryAfterMax` field via Webhook validation, it does not guarantee all
>     implementations (Channels, Sources, etc.) will actually implement support

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    While the experimental feature flag enforces all DeliverySpec usage of
    the `retryAfterMax` field through Webhook validation, it does not guarantee all
    implementations, such as Channels or Sources, actually implement support
```

Author: 👍 Will change!

    for the field.  The shared `HTTPMessageSender.SendWithRetries()` logic
    has been enhanced to support this feature, and all implementations using it

>     to perform retries will automatically benefit.  Sandbox implementations NOT

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    to perform retries will automatically benefit.  Sandbox implementations not
```

Author: 👍 Will change!

>     based on this shared library (e.g. RabbitMQ, Google Pub/Sub, etc.) would
>     require additional development effort to respect/enforce the new

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    based on this shared library, for example RabbitMQ or Google Pub/Sub, would
    require additional development effort to respect the
```

Author: 👍 Will change!

>     `retryAfterMax`field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `retryAfterMax` field.
```

Author: 👍 Will change!
